.TH "mixtape-search" "1" "Mixtape Backup" "" "Mixtape Backup"
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" * disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.SH "NAME"
mixtape-search -- searches for matching files
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.sp
.nf
\fBmixtape-search\fR [\fIindex\fR] \fIfile\fR
.fi
.sp
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.sp
Searches the backups for all files matching the \fIfile\fR pattern. The search
can be limited to one or more \fIindex\fR files, either with and index id
(e.g. \fB@586efbc4\fR), a named search (e.g. \fBall\fR, \fBfirst\fR, \fBlast\fR)
or a partial timestamp (e.g. \fB2017-01\fR) with optional glob matching
(e.g. \fB20??-*-01\fR). If no \fIindex\fR is specified, \fBall\fR is assumed.
.sp
The \fIfile\fR pattern supports glob matching (e.g. \fB/etc/**/*.sh\fR).
Avoid shell expansion of the pattern by using quotes (i.e. \fB"pattern"\fR).
A pattern starting with \fB/\fR will match an absolute file path.
.sp
By default, the oldest copy of each file version (a unique \fBsha256sum\fR)
is printed. Use \fB--all\fR to show all copies.
.sp
.SH "OPTIONS"
.sp
--\fBall\fR   Prints all file versions matched.

--\fBnewest\fR
.RS 8
Prints the newest file versions matched.
.RE

--\fBoldest\fR
.RS 8
Prints the oldest file versions matched (default).
.RE

--\fBbackup-dir\fR=\fIDIR\fR
.RS 8
Sets the root backup dir, instead of \fB/backup\fR.
.RE

--\fBmixtape-dir\fR=\fIDIR\fR
.RS 8
Sets the mixtape dir, instead of \fB/backup/\fR${HOSTNAME}\fB/mixtape\fR.
.RE

--\fBhelp\fR  Prints help information (and quits).

--\fBversion\fR
.RS 8
Prints version information (and quits).
.RE

.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.sp
\fBmixtape-list\fR
.sp
https://baraverkstad.github.io/mixtape/
